README.md, before:

![Splash](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/P4NTY/CBR-PNK-FOUNDRY/main/assets/CBRPNK_splash.webp)
# CBR+PNK ON FOUNDRY VTT
Unofficial system to play CBR+PNK on Foundry VTT
- Link to install: [https://github.com/P4NTY/CBR-PNK-FOUNDRY/releases/latest/download/system.json](https://github.com/P4NTY/CBR-PNK-FOUNDRY/releases/latest/download/system.json)
- Link to TRPG system: https://emanoelmelo.itch.io/cbrpnk-core

## HOW IT LOOKS:
![image](https://github.com/P4NTY/CBR-PNK-FOUNDRY/blob/main/assets/image.png?raw=true)
- The left button is adding and the right button is decreasing values.
- GLICHED status can also be given with the middle mouse button -OR- just click GLICHED.
- Selecting the value of the APPROACH and SKILL by clicking on the label.
- Hunter card - as Actor
- Item card

## To do:
- Taking the text to the language packages
- Make Hacks card

## License
following: [https://emanoelmelo.itch.io/cbrpnk-toolkit](https://emanoelmelo.itch.io/cbrpnk-toolkit)
> Published independently under the 'CBR+PNK Compatibility License' with no association with Emanoel Melo, The Cabinet of Curiosities, Mythworks, or other official publishers of CBR+PNK.

[![COFFE](https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-blue.png)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/kiszu)

Commit message:

Add CBR+PNK font and test page
- Introduced new font file 'cbrpnk_icons.ttf' for custom icon font.
- Created 'fonttest.html' to test and display the CBR+PNK font alongside a Mono font.
- Implemented font loading status checks and character map explorer for interactive testing.
- Styled the test page with CSS variables for colors and responsive design.
- Added JavaScript functionality for clipboard copying of character codes and visual feedback.

README.md, after:

![Splash](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KillgoreAlpha/CBR-PNK-FOUNDRYVTT/main/assets/CBRPNK_splash.png)
# CBR+PNK ON FOUNDRY VTT
Unofficial system to play CBR+PNK on Foundry VTT
- Link to install: [https://github.com/KillgoreAlpha/CBR-PNK-FOUNDRYVTT/releases/latest/download/system.json](https://github.com/KillgoreAlpha/CBR-PNK-FOUNDRYVTT/releases/latest/download/system.json)
- Link to TRPG system: https://emanoelmelo.itch.io/cbrpnk-core

## HOW IT LOOKS:
![image](https://github.com/KillgoreAlpha/CBR-PNK-FOUNDRYVTT/blob/main/assets/image.png?raw=true)
- The left button is adding and the right button is decreasing values.
- GLICHED status can also be given with the middle mouse button -OR- just click GLICHED.
- Selecting the value of the APPROACH and SKILL by clicking on the label.
- Hunter card - as Actor
- Item card

## To do:
- Taking the text to the language packages
- Make Hacks card

## License
following: [https://emanoelmelo.itch.io/cbrpnk-toolkit](https://emanoelmelo.itch.io/cbrpnk-toolkit)
> Published independently under the 'CBR+PNK Compatibility License' with no association with Emanoel Melo, The Cabinet of Curiosities, Mythworks, or other official publishers of CBR+PNK.

[Mono Font](https://www.fontspace.com/mono-font-f57596) by Rony Setya Siswadi

Credit to [Kiszu](https://github.com/P4NTY/CBR-PNK-FOUNDRY) and [RemyAllegro](https://github.com/RemyAllegro/CBR-PNK-CSB) for their respective implementations.
